= Search For Music

The Search For Music project is a SaaS project which provides a way to search for
music by either song, artist or album.

= Components

The project is based on the following technology components:

* Ruby On Rails 4.2.6
* Ruby 2.3.1
* Bootstrap 4
* AJAX
* Rspec testing
* SQLite

= Design Considerations

Separate models were created for song, artist, and albums and their associated
relationships. The focus was to ensure that when searching for either a song,
artist, or album, that all three pieces of information would be displayed. So,
the heart of the implementation focused only on the relationship between song and
artist/album. The creation of the separate models provide the flexibility in
the future to focus on the artist to album relationship.

Also, there was an attempt to use Polymer element catalog (primarily for AJAX but,
time constraints did not permit it to be implemented in this version. Standard
technique for AJAX was used.

= Configuration

To get this web-based application framework configured run the following:

  bundle install

= Database Creation

  rake db:migrate

= Database initialization

Execute the seed file to populate the database with initial songs, artists and 
albums. 

  rake db:seed

= Start the application

   rails s

1) Go to your browser and put n the url 'localhost:3000' to bring up the search page

2) Enter any combination of song, artist and album (from the seeds.rb file) 
and hit the 'Search' button and hit the 'Clear Search' button to clear 
away the results and start over.

= How to run the test suite

  bundle exec rspec
